{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Architecture Project Report\
Joey Harrison\
CS 685\
Fall, 2007\
\
For my project I created a set of GUI components that will hopefully help future students to create a nice interface for their robot implementation. I tried to design my code to be easily extensible.\
\
MapDisplay.java\
This is a generic Display2D type of component. It has a list of objects which implement the Portrayal2D interface (from MASON) and it draws them. The main selling point of this component is the easy pan and zoom abilities using the mouse.\
\
Map Panel.java \
This panel holds a MapDisplay component and adds a small panel at the bottom to print the location of the mouse in world coordinates.\
\
PioneerPortrayal.java\
This class implements the Portrayal2D interface and draws an overhead view of a Pioneer 3DX. The pose is updated through the setPose function, which also maintains a path history.\
\
Poseable2D.java\
I created this simple interface so that the MapDisplay can stay centered on the PioneerPortrayal without being coupled to it in code. Any class implementing this interface can be the object which the MapDisplay follows.\
\
JoystickDisplay.java\
I cleaned up the version of this written by Sean Robinette. It would still benefit from another pass, but it's better than it was.\
\
JoystickPanel.java\
I cleaned this one up too, simplified it, and changed it to use BorderLayout instead of using setBounds everywhere. I also changed the slider so that it sets the robot's max velocity directly via robot.setv(), which make it more useful as a dual-use component. I used this slider to adjust the velocity of my HallWalker.\
\
PioneerGUI.java\
This main class instantiates a Robot and creates a loop to monitor its pose at 20Hz. It has a nice, big MapPanel to display the pioneer and a JoystickPanel for joysticking the pioneer around. I added three buttons: Follow Robot, Clear Path History, and Save Path History, which saves the current path history as a text file of your choosing.\
\
Future Work:\
I tried to create the MapDisplay with extensibility in mind. It would benefit from a separation of map layers and object layers so it can buffer the map layers. Also, I didn't create any map portrayals, but it should be reasonably easy to use something like the ValueGridPortrayal2D to draw an occupancy grid which gets populated with sonar data. It would also be helpful to future students to have some different map portrayal implementations for example purposes.\
\
Speaking of sonar data, the PioneerPortrayal could be setup so that sensor portrayals can be easily tacked onto it. A sonar or laser portrayal would start from its parents transformation and draw sensor data relative to that.\
}